feat(js): Add docs about serialization of captureException objects (#14256)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/apis.mdx

  only `Error` objects, but also other objects as `exception` - in that case,
  the SDK will attempt to serialize the object for you, and the stack trace will
  be generated by the SDK and may be less accurate.

>   Please note that the serialization of objects may not be perfect, as it works based on simple heuristics. Objects that are not `Error` objects will be generally be serialized as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Please note that the serialization of objects may not be perfect, as it's based on simple heuristics. Objects that are not `Error` objects will be generally be serialized as follows:
```

  ```javascript
  Sentry.captureException({ prop1: "value1", prop2: "value2" });

>   // --> "Object captured as exception with keys: prop1, prop2"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // --> "Object captured as an exception with keys: prop1, prop2"
```
